Go ahead and jump in.
Uh, today's text.
If you wanna turn with
me, we'll be in acts two.
Uh, we're gonna be reading
versus 30 th 37 through 47.
Uh, we'll spend the majority of our time
in versus 42 through 47, but we'll be
reading acts chapter 2 37 through 47.
Um, so last week we discussed,
um, The first part of our series.
So our series is talking about next
steps and one of the things, uh,
because obviously I'm consistently
see each and every week, we have
different people in and out that
I'm gonna send these messages out.
So, um, to those who aren't here,
and if you weren't here last
week, my encouragement is to go
listen to last week's message.
But in this next step series, we're
really walking through as a church.
Um, our strategy, right?
We've been talking about
our mission, right?
Our mission is to inspire.
By helping people discover God's
purpose for their life, through
a relationship with Jesus.
We truly believe that the greatest way
that we can help people do that is by
following Jesus, living in community.
Serving those around us and
expanding God's kingdom.
Um, and so that's kind of what
we've been walking through.
So last week was following Jesus and, uh,
Britt has been serving in kids last week
and this week, and she listened to my
message and she said, well, here's a good
thing about your message this last week.
She said, you, you said
the name of Jesus a lot.
And I said, well, praise God, if I
got something right, I did say that.
So, um, that is who we are as a church.
And I would tell people, this
is, um, we are unashamed.
In, in our, our thoughts and our
conversations and what we talk
about that Jesus changes our life,
that everything we do flows out
of that relationship with Jesus.
And that that's exactly why our
strategy is to follow Jesus.
And that sounds so simple yet.
So complicated all in the same sentence.
That's why we're here during
this series to talk about why
is it important to follow Jesus?
What does that step,
what does that look like?
And we talked about that last week,
but we get to talk about what I call
as the next step after following Jesus,
which we see the new believers in acts
and how they responded, what their
next step was after following Jesus.
So we're gonna kind of jump into that.
And that is really when we
talk about living in community.
Living in community.
And so I went out and looked at Webster's
dictionary and it defines community
as a unified body of individuals, such
as a group of people with a common
characteristic or interest living
together within a larger society.
So I'm gonna say that again, a unified
body of individuals, such as a group of
people with a common characteristic or
interest living together in a larger.
In just looking in that, I
think we can see obviously the
idea behind community, right?
A group of people that have common
interests and, and usually it's a, a
group living within a larger group.
And we at inspiring hope talk
about the idea of living in
community as our inspired groups.
We have inspire groups during the week
and we took off during the summer, but
we're getting ready to start those back.
And something that I lay to each one
of your seats somewhere around there.
Um, and again, I'm gonna give this out
to everybody else that wasn't here today.
Um, but these cards are an
opportunity for you to fill out.
What night of the week might
be good for you to be able to
be a part of an inspire group.
And so what I do know is that it is
difficult to find a night for everybody.
And so we are not necessarily
saying, Hey, if you mark down that
we're gonna create an inspire group
for you every night of the week.
But what we're saying is we'd like to
know number one, if you could attend
an inspire group, which I would say
this, most of us could, if we could
choose the night or day in time.
Right.
So choose a couple of days and options.
And then that lets us know.
One you're interest in the groups, but
two, the nights that you can do it,
and then we're gonna see what we can do
to either have a group on that night.
And if we can't, we're still going
to talk about how to waste, to
connect with you on those nights.
Um, but anyways, as we look at how
important community is one of the cool
parts about Jesus, and this is what I
would say, like when I go and study God's
word, I go and see, what did Jesus do?
Well, Jesus lived in community.
See, after he started his
ministry, the first thing.
All right, we'll wait a minute and see
if we can get everything rebooted back.
I don't know.
Should I even go on?
let there be light there.
It is in the beginning and I didn't
start early enough in creation.
Yes.
Now we didn't do that.
Okay.
So Jason, do we have sound again?
Are we.
At least got sound.
I know that video's probably loading
back up and that may take a few minutes.
You're good on video too.
Okay.
We're good on sound cuz
I don't hear anything.
So that's the only thing I was gonna say.
You got anything?
There we go.
Hello?
Okay.
We are back.
All right.
Live in action.
Where we go here.
So Jesus, after.
He started his ministry, right?
He was baptized.
He was, um, tested for 40 days.
He came back and last week we saw rather
than doing ministry alone, he said,
let me go gather a community of people.
And so he began to invite these men to
follow him in this community, to go be
a part of this awesome mission that each
one of us have been called to, right.
To expand the gospel, to let people
know the love of Jesus around the world.
So Jesus obviously had community.
The only time you saw Jesus out
of community was when he was going
away to spend time with his father.
Right?
And so this is what we could say is,
so the only reason why we could justify
ourselves being away from community is
if we're alone with the father, right.
We're alone with Jesus, and we're growing
our personal relationship with Christ.
But outside of that, he was
consistently in community.
And we see even in the new Testament, that
same thing in the book of acts and so on.
And so.
I think when we look at this, that Jesus
taught us that we are better together.
We're stronger together where it's
an essential part of following
Jesus' living in community together.
And I look at this as Sundays
as one of those opportunities.
And we'll learn more about that today,
but really we would look at that it's
every day we have that opportunity.
Um, and so, uh, I wanted
to ask this question.
I love asking questions to you.
Why, what is the benefit.
Of living in community with other people.
What's the benefit
support.
What else?
What's the benefit of living
in community with other people?
Accountability?
What else?
Yeah, absolutely.
Anything else fun.
Yeah.
The hangout have fun, right?
Friendship, um, encouragement,
spiritual growth and learning.
So as, as we begin to think about
this, cuz I do things every day
because I see value in them and
the things I don't do every day are
the things I don't see value in.
So at some point, when we look
at this idea behind community
or living in community together,
It'll never be a part of our life.
It'll never be an important part of our
life until we see how valuable it is.
And so this is where we're gonna continue
to build off this idea that God has
designed us for community, not isolation.
And that's why we look at, even in the
beginning, when he created Adam, he says,
it wasn't good for Adam to be alone.
Right.
And that's where he created Eve.
But even bigger than
this is the cool part.
When God sent Jesus to save us from our
sins, he created the body of Christ.
You all know this, right?
We, we can't just function with
one part of our body working.
The body works together best when
we're working together in community.
And I go back to that definition.
I know I haven't started
really in the text yet.
Right.
But I wanna set this up.
Going back to that definition.
It's a unified body of individuals.
This is a community, right?
A unified body of individuals,
such as a group of people with a
common characteristic or interest
living together within a larger.
So the idea behind community is, and
the body of Christ is that we work
best functioning and living together.
And that's exactly why God
created this idea behind community
and the body of Christ and how
important it is for each one of us.
Um, and I wanna just, I just, just
wanna think back to this before we jump
into this text, how critical to me,
when I started thinking about living
community, that piece has been in my.
I believe I am who I am today because
of the communities that I've been a
part of whenever I first gave my life
to Christ the church that we were
going to, we started going to, um,
we called it small groups on Sunday
morning and we went to a young Marriot's
class and that was a class where me
and Britney really grew in our faith.
And we were really challenged.
And out of that, we went with another,
uh, couple and we started a group.
And out of that, we started another group.
And out of that, we started
another group and we started
one more group before we moved.
It's so cool.
Those communities.
I begin to think about that.
We were a part of not only were me and
Britney, so impacted, and I am the person
I am today, but I begin to realize the
people that I was able to impact and meet,
like those stories will be with me forever
because those communities change me.
So whenever I look at this, and I
really wanna challenge those of you
that are here, tho those of you who
end up seeing this video when I send it
to you, cuz I believe the strength of
inspiring hope going forward will be.
The devotion that we put in living
in community together outside of
Sunday mornings, doing life together,
encouraging one another believing in
one another, supporting one another.
That is where the strength will happen.
And we're gonna see that
today in today's text.
We're gonna see how they model what
living in community looks like.
So we're gonna jump into this again.
And this starts in verse 37 and all
the way down to 47 in acts chapter two.
And I'll kind of catch
you up a little bit here.
What what's happened is, is, um,
Peter and the apostles had waited,
you know, for the holy spirit to come.
The holy spirit came and they went out
and they began to preach the gospel.
All these people came to
faith in Christ over 3000 were
coming to faith into Christ.
And this is the, the point in which
they're coming to faith in Christ.
They had shared the gospel
and it picks up in verse 37.
It says when they heard this,
they were pierced to the heart and
said to Peter and the rest of the
apostles brothers, what should we do?
Peter replied, repent and be baptized
each one of you and the name of Jesus
Christ for the forgiveness of your sins.
And you'll receive the gift of the,
of the holy spirit for the promise
is for you and your children.
And for all those who are far off, as
many as the Lord are, God will call.
With many other words, he testified
strongly and urged them saying, be saved
from this corrupt generation so that
who accepted this message were baptized.
And that day about 3000
people were added to them.
And then it says that they
devoted themselves to the apostles
teaching to the fellowship, to the
breaking of bread, into prayer.
Everyone was filled with all and
many wonders and signs were being
performed through the apostles.
Now, all the believers were together
and held all things in common.
They sold their possessions and
property and distributed, proceeds
to the, to all as any had need.
Every day, they devoted themselves
to meeting together in the temple
and breaking bread from house to
house that ate their food with
joyful and sincere hearts, praising
God and enjoying the favor of all.
Every day, the Lord added to their.
Those who are being save.
Let's take a moment to pray, Lord Jesus.
We just pray Lord that
our hearts are open today.
My Lord mind included, um,
that we see the value Lord.
We see the opportunity
we have in community.
We see Lord that it is a next step
that every one of us is being invited
in to take and to make priority in
our life because it is valuable not
only for us, but for those around us.
Lord, I pray that you continue to walk
with us as a church, as we begin to
continue to take next steps, Lord.
And I pray that we continue to see
life change, um, and Lord that we
will continue to give you praise
because of that life change.
And so Lord, you just pray
this in your heaven name.
So we see here as we, we kind of almost
even, uh, look at the, the first couple
of verses there, 37 through, uh, 41.
We see obviously them
responding to the gospel.
These 3000 people respond to the gospel
and I begin to look at that's the
moment they begin to take next steps.
These people heard the gospel and they
repented, they were baptized and they
received the spirit of God inside.
But they didn't stop there.
Right?
Those were next steps.
They were pined of their sins.
They were baptized.
They received the spirit of God to
live inside them and they didn't stop.
They, they continued to, to take
next steps by living in community.
So what does community look like?
And I believe this text clearly tells us
what community looks like is devotion.
He says this in verse 42 and 46, that
they devoted themselves to these things.
And I even wouldn't look at
another word other than devotion
is they dedicated themselves.
They committed themselves to these things.
And if you would even see here
most of the time it was daily,
it wasn't a one time thing.
It wasn't a occasional,
it was a daily act.
And so whenever I started looking
at this, I started saying, okay,
the first step of obedience
outside of salvation and baptism.
Was to live in community.
If you wanna know why as a church,
we've set that up as a strategy to
follow Jesus and live in community.
We believe that's the
way the church started.
It was a good way to start and we should
continue that way as a church is to,
to prioritize community after faith.
And so that's why we talk
about living in community.
So let's see what they devoted themselves
to and how that applies to us as well.
So these new followers of Jesus
devoted and dedicated themselves
to the apostles teaching well,
just so you know, there's no more
apostles other than the word of God.
Right?
So they're devoted to that.
They're devoted to what
I would even say this.
Why is.
Because they were new in their faith.
They knew, Hey, we don't really fully
understand all this, so we're gonna
devote ourselves to wise teaching.
And so that's really what we see
here when they devoted themselves
to the apostles teaching.
Here's the part I love.
I've, I've read it in different versions,
but in the CSB, here's what it says.
It says they devoted themselves to the
apostles teaching and two the fellowship.
And I stopped because the, initially
when I look at this, this is what I.
They devote themselves to fellowship.
And I believe that's a part of it, right.
Fellowship, which means is the, the
hanging out and the part of the breaking
of bread and, and doing life together.
Right.
That's the first part that most of us
think of, but this is the part that
I really want us to think through.
And I want us to be challenged, to think
they devoted themselves to the fellowship.
Well, the fellowship means they
were dedicated themselves to one.
right.
And I think that's a different
picture guys, because to, to
dedicate myself, to just attending a
community group or an inspire group
and hanging out is a good thing.
And I believe that's the
part that they're saying they
dedicated themselves to that too.
But when they dedicated to themselves
to one another, that was like a marriage
that was like a, a union that God
designed the body to put together.
So I see this as such an important part.
They dedicated themselves to one another.
And I remember making this
statement in Brockington.
You may remember this.
I remember the group that we
had with Nathan and Christine.
I would make this statement
pretty consistently when I get
the opportunity to teach in there.
What if your attendance in this
community group, this small group,
wasn't just here to change your life,
but somebody else's by you being here,
you're encouraging somebody else.
And for me, most of the.
Brock and Jenna's presence encouraged
me because they cared enough to come.
They saw it as valuable, right?
So like when we are dedicated to
each other in fellowship, like
there's a relationship there, guys
that is strong, that is valuable
that God has designed us for.
And so I love that picture, that we're
dedicated to one another, because what
if your involvement in inspire group
is what changes someone else's lives?
Here's let me just, let me
challenge you with this.
Your dedication to those
things will change.
Someone's else's life yours, right?
Because you're there, but there's someone
there that needs your encouragement,
your dedication to them to care.
And I, my, my challenge is, and
we're gonna continue to talk
about this with inspire groups.
And as those who lead out new inspire
groups is that we create communities
that it's just not the leaders'
responsibility to be dedicated to the.
And like checking in on him and investing,
but it's the group's responsibility
to, to take care of one another.
And even those what
I'll just even say this.
So, you know, what, if my schedule
doesn't match up with an inspire group,
if your schedule doesn't match up with
an inspire group, you're still going
to be a part of an inspire group.
You may not get to 10 attend, but those
people will have you as part of their
group, they will connect themselves.
They will dedicate themselves
to you as a group to invest in.
You pray for you.
Encourage.
Because that's the church we wanna be.
We wanna be just like the
church that started here.
So we, as they continue on, it says that
they were devoted to breaking bread.
Everybody loves eating food.
So why wouldn't you dedicate
yourself to that while you meet?
We love food.
That's why we eat.
But I would even say this, some of the
most funny things happen over a mill.
I like laughing.
I, I like hanging.
I would even say this, a lot of
the mills I've even had since we've
been here at inspiring hope have
been some of the coolest meals,
because a lot of times those mills
were part of me, inviting people to
come be a part of inspiring hope.
Right.
Like we're gonna hang out and we're
gonna talk about some cool things.
So I love, that's why we have
lunch with, you know, lunch, right.
When we have the next steps
lunch it's because it's just
cool to hang out with food.
So I think we're just being godly
when we break bread together.
Okay.
Then most even believe this,
that at the end of those mills,
that they would celebrate a
communion, um, with that as well.
And so it even talks to the idea
behind having communion together.
Um, and then it says
this, he talks about that.
They were dedicated themselves to prayer.
So prayer for one another, and this
is truly a place to be vulnerable and
to share what's going on in our lives.
And I would even say this, this is
something that I want to continue to teach
myself and I wanna continue to teach our.
We undervalue the power and
the importance of prayer.
It was an essential part in these
new believers' lives, right?
To teaching, to fellowship, to
breaking a bread into prayer.
It was a key part.
And I think many times
this is just being me.
I don't mention prayer request because
I feel embarrassed by some of the
things I want you to pray for me about,
or I don't even mention our prayer
request because I'm not trusting God.
Enough in the areas to even have one.
I don't have one.
I'm not prayer request cuz
I've got it all figured out.
I'm good.
So it's like, to me, I
think that's part of this.
As we look at living in community
together, we need to dedicate ourselves
to prayer and the more idea behind
the purpose of prayer to be more like
God, to be able to be vulnerable with
one another and to encourage one.
So we see that just in those, that
first ver first of verse 42 here, but
let's just continue on cuz it goes down
and I'm, I'm gonna kind of split this
up into section of 46 and he says, and
every day they devoted themselves, right?
So they continue to devote themselves
and dedicate themselves to doing what
it says that they devoted themselves
to meeting together in the temple.
So this is just, again, if you think
about the temple pre Jesus, the temple was
the place where the presence of God was.
I started thinking, well, they
don't need to go to the temple
anymore because the presence of
God doesn't hang out there anymore.
But then I kind of laughed
and corrected myself.
When we come to the temple, a
place of gathering the presence of
God is there because we're there.
So why would we, you know, look
at this and go, well, you know,
they don't need the temple that
Christ lives inside of them.
They're saying we needed a big
enough place to hang out with each.
So they needed the big community.
That's why you hear us.
Like we have Sunday mornings.
Why do we have Sunday mornings?
And I know you're looking at 'em,
this isn't much of a big community.
It's a bigger community than
what you would normally see
in an inspire group, right?
When we have everybody here.
So that bigger community is to come
together, to meet together and see
the whole church to encourage the
whole church, to, to gather and
learn in God's word, into praise.
Right?
So they were dedicated to
that same thing as we are, as.
Then they were also dedicated
to meeting house to house.
This is where we talk
about community, right?
This is the community that we're
saying doing life together.
When you meet in somebody's home, I
look at it at two different places.
I I've had groups at the church
and I've had groups in my home.
Groups at the church are great, but I
don't feel like that there is comfortable
and as relaxed and as inviting as a
home is home is where family comes.
I would say this, this is a challenge
that, that I have been reminded of.
Even recently, that when we
invite people under a home, we've
given them refrigerator rights.
You know, what a refrigerator rights are
that they can walk in, they can open your
refrigerator and take anything out of it.
And you're not gonna go, what are you.
right.
It's that, it's that moment where
they're family that you have as we go
back to, as you have dedicated yourself
to one another they're as, as have as
much access as you do to your home.
And that's the type of life that
these people after they had just,
this is the beginning of the church.
Y'all this is whenever the spirit
of God begin to in dwell on people
and people begin to get to saved.
They dead educated themselves
to living in community together.
That's what God has called us to do.
That's why we need to continue to
find ways to do that as a church
and to follow after these examples.
And this is the cool part.
I don't have to go out and
recreate this it's right here.
The, the apostles are
speaking to me right now.
They're speaking to you right now
to tell us how to do life, how
to live as followers of Jesus.
Not because we have to, this is the cool
part is because they devoted them devoted,
devoted themselves to these things.
There was a natural
outflow of this, right?
Let me, let me, let me talk about this.
The result of dedicating themselves to
this is these next couple of verses.
The overflow of living in community
is versus 43 through 45 and a
couple of things in 46 and 47.
So 43 says this.
It says everyone was filled with
all and many wanders and signs were
being performed through the Aus.
I look at this way.
When we look at verse 43, because
they de dedicated and devoted
themselves to living in community,
these people were inspired by God.
Right?
We, I know he's sitting here saying
that they, the, the, uh, apostles
were doing wonders and signs.
And at times I'll just tell you guys
this, when you live in community enough,
you're gonna see God move in miraculous.
These people were inspired by God.
They were so transformed.
They was drawing out of them.
What they knew that they were
created for, which was community.
They got to see God move.
Right.
And then we see in verse 44, it
says now all the believers were
together and held things in common.
So out of the overflow of devotion to
community, these believers were unified.
They were, it's says they
held all things in common.
And this is where we'd say is they
didn't see their stuff as their own.
They had refrigerator rights, right.
Their stuff wasn't their own.
They were theirs.
Were the communities and the
unified, we talk a lot about
this unified is not uniforming.
It doesn't mean we all look the same.
We all have the same tastes and all
the same emotions and all the same, you
know what, but we are unified under what
Christ the transforming life of Jesus in
our lives and flowing out of our lives.
And so I, I go back.
When we dedicate ourselves to these
things, living in community together,
there's a natural outflow from it.
And I know you guys probably get
tired of my great examples of
this, but I love working out.
I just do that.
I'm the crazy person I love working out.
But the result of dedicating myself
to working out produces the outflow
of strength and more endurance.
And it's something that
fuels me and excites me.
I love it.
I'm sorry I do.
But I do that.
Not because I just, you know, I love.
But it's it's I actually
en enjoy those things.
I dedicate myself to see the result,
cuz we, we dedicate ourselves.
We devote ourselves to community, not
just for our benefit, but for the benefit
of the kingdom of God, for the benefit
to see other people experience the
transforming hope that you've experienced.
So when we come back to this, every
one of us has an excuse, why we
don't wanna live in community or why
we struggle to live in community.
And it may be just so you know, I get it.
It may be because your schedule's a lot
like mine, I don't really know much of an
evening right now that I have free, but I
started asking myself this question, but
why would I wanna prioritize community?
Because it is valuable not only for
me and for other people in that.
And so we're gonna get to more
is community only inspire groups?
No, it's not.
We're gonna, we're gonna
continue with that.
There's more to it, but let's just
continue on with, with this here.
Um, in verse 45, right?
Those 44 or 43 and 44.
So in 45 it says this, it says
they sold their possessions and
property and distributed, um,
the proceeds to all who had need.
Right?
And so we look at this as is,
as they function together, as
one, they were unified, they saw
each other's needs as their own.
And this is the cool part
that I've seen inspiring.
Hope.
I I've seen this actually
fleshed out in our church.
And it excites me that we see
our community of believers.
And as those who are new in our church,
As part of our family, as part of our
responsibility to take care of not
only from a selling property, right.
To, to provide a need, but even
meeting needs as mills meeting
needs as coming and helping move to
doing all kinds of things like that.
They did that same thing, right.
They did whatever they could, their
time, their talents and their treasures.
And they gave that to those who had.
I just challenge you.
That's why we also give as a church
because as we give as a church, we
don't only invest in each other.
We invest in our community
and meet those same needs.
Then we look at the first part of
46 or excuse the second part of 46,
cuz we've kind of covered the first
part of 46, but it says this every
day, they devoted themselves to the
meeting together in the temple and
breaking up bread from house to house.
And the result of those
dedications, those devotions was
they ate their food with joyful.
And sincere hearts,
joyful and sincere hearts.
Guys, I'll just tell you this.
When you spend time in community,
the overflow from that is joyful
hearts and, and it's just in the
simple things of eating food.
I mean, I like food y'all I do, but
not, am I always just joyful about it?
They were joyful about it because
they understood that everything
they have is a blessing from.
Understood.
Everything that they have
is a blessing from God.
So they could see joy, even if, and,
and many of these people aren't rich
people that just have food all the time,
but these people, most of them were
joyful because we just saw the verses
before their needs were being met.
Like they've never been met
before they begin to praise God.
We see this at verse 47.
The result of living in a
community is praising God and
enjoying the favor of all people.
So God received praise.
For people living in community because
he was working in and through them.
And I love this.
He says they enjoyed favor
from all people, man.
I don't think I'm living in
enough community at times.
Whenever I think I'm wondering, I'm
probably not receiving favor from
all people, but what I would say in
this people begin to see God working
in that community and they were
interested that they were receiving
favor because typically what you would
even see in the old Testament is even
people who didn't believe in God.
Would know that God's hands
was on a people and, and they
would be envious of them.
They would, they would be in
favor with them because they
didn't wanna mess anything up.
Well, we see the same thing as God
was working through these people.
They had favor with all kinds of people.
And I would even say this guys as
we continue to live in community
with one another, as we continue
to serve our community, which we'll
talk about next week, we have already
seen favor in our city because of.
And we look at this and
we see, what does God do?
God works through living in community.
And I would say this, how many of
y'all like to hang out with people?
Right?
Like we, we, we enjoy it.
We do.
But at times I know this
just take inspir group.
But times whenever we were doing
an inspire group, I felt like
it was a chore or know why, cuz
it didn't see the value in it.
I only saw the difficulty
of creating the environment.
I missed the joy in it.
And so I started looking and
pouring over this and I started
reflecting on all the groups.
I've been a part of guys.
This is the craziest thing.
Our church started as a community
at home and Riley on zoom and Brock.
And Jenna just moved here.
That was how it started.
And somehow a couple more people showed
up and a couple more people showed up
and we lived in community and we laughed
and we ate and we hung out and we prayed
and we devoted ourselves to one another.
Do you know that hasn't changed
that commitment as a church hasn't
changed yet we have now more groups
and we have now the, the temple
meeting that, that shouldn't change.
And those relationships though,
maybe in different groups now,
cuz y'all know this, right?
The hardest part of starting multiple
groups is saying bye to the other group
that you spent all this time with.
And remembering that, that
group's still gonna be.
The big time and occasional times
together, but that group needs to
continue to reach new people while this
new group's reached into new people.
I'm just telling you, it was the hardest
thing to do for me and Brittney, when
we helped start four different groups,
we left well three, because the last
group, we, I guess we technically left
two, but it was difficult to lead those
groups because we loved those people.
But you know what motivated
us to go start new groups.
You wanna know, know what motivated Brock
and Jenna to go start a crazy group with
us and then move across the world with us.
Because they saw the people that they
would go impact the people that we
would go impact as a greater burden
than the burden of leaving friends,
burden of leaving those relationships.
All of us, if they weren't good
friendships, you probably weren't
in a good group, so it's gonna hurt.
But what I would say with this, and I'm
just, I'm wanting us to come back to
this idea of, and we're getting ready
to get to the, the fruit of community.
Is that as we live in community,
we will have new communities start
where we aren't as close, but those
communities can become the communities
that we started with as a church.
When we started in our home, if we'll
dedicate and devote ourselves to them.
At times it's difficult, but in the
difficult work, some of the greatest
results, what are those great results?
We see this in the last part of 47,
the fruit of living in community,
the fruit of living in community.
It says this on the last part
of verse 47, it says every day,
the Lord added to their number.
Those who are being.
I want, I want you to
see this as a church.
I I've heard these statements from other
people and I, I warrant them because
I, I understand the burden that they
fill, but I love our little community.
I, I love our little group of church.
If we add any more people, we'll
lose touch with one another.
And my challenge is don't forget.
That this community reached you and,
and the value that you find in this
community and that you see that there,
there are other people, there are other
people out there wanting that community,
wanting people who will meet their needs,
people who will show them the love of
Christ, people who will prey with them.
People who will commit
themselves to one another.
They're waiting on.
To go live in community with one
another and to go start new communities
so that we can see the fruit.
More people come to experience that same
experience that you've experienced, right?
Because these believers lived in
community and did life with one another.
The lives of those around
them were being changed.
They were, they were being a picture
to the lost and hurting world around.
This is, I'll just tell you, I, I,
if I could define inspiring hope, I
wanna define us as a community that
lives together, just like this guys.
If we can't dedicate to this, I don't know
if I wanna be dedicated to anything else.
I really don't.
And that's really the burden that
God's been putting on my heart.
If we don't get back to the genuineness
of living in community together and
starting more communities to invite
people into, we're gonna miss the.
Of why God's called us
to plant this church.
This community needs it.
Your neighbors need it.
Your family needs it.
We need it.
What is it gonna take dedicating
it and devoting ourselves to these
things, not out of a burden, but out
of excitement, out of an opportunity.
So the greatest way to experience growth
in your personal walk and God's kingdom
is to live in community with one.
So I wanna circle back to this.
Is there only one way to live in
community together in inspire groups?
Cuz you know, it says that in the
Bible it's only in inspire groups.
No.
Yes.
There's discipleship relationships
and there's work relationships and
there's neighbor relationships.
But I wanna, I wanna point
out one specific thing here
that he does talk about.
He is talking about believers
gathering together in communities.
So yes we should have.
Some groups where we have a lot of lost
people involved, or we're hanging out
with neighbors and doing those things.
And that's part of community living that,
but this community was specifically for
the believers to build one another up.
We go back to encourage one another up.
And yes, there was people being
added to them daily because they
were seeing it and they were
invited into it and experiencing it.
So inspire groups is the way that we see
as a way to commit to fleshing that out.
And so I, I wanna say this, if
you don't plan for something, we
all have great intentions, you all
have great intentions of eating.
Until you look in your fridge and you
see cheesecake rather than, you know,
something healthy and you eat cheesecake.
I, I, my guess I'm just gonna
throw a guess out here, everybody
in this room probably desires to
live in community with one another.
Maybe you're already doing it, but
you desire and you desire to see other
people live in community, but what's
the difference between leaving out here
and being a part of that community and
helping others be involved in it or not.
It's actually putting something
down to hold you accountable to.
If you'll commit to being a
part of an inspire group once
a week, it's there every week.
It's a group of people that are expecting
you that are gonna hold you accountable.
That's gonna help you grow in your
faith and to be a part of this thing.
And, and yes, I want you
to do more than that.
I want you to hang out with people at your
work and, and live in community with them.
And I want you to hang out with
your neighbors and those things.
And for me right now, I'm gonna hang
out with people on the football.
I don't know what I'm doing, but
I can hang out with those people
cuz they're crazier than I am.
But I'm trying to figure out
how to do community there too.
But I believe God's called us to
a community of believers as well.
That's why we have that.
That's why we're launching
these groups again.
That's why we're wanting to
prioritize that as a church.
So we have to make it a consistent thing.
So I'm, I'm gonna finish up this way.
I I'm gonna be done.
I promise.
So as we seek God's word to see
how we should live our lives
after giving your lives to Jesus.
We see that living in community
is the next logical step, the
next logical step for them.
And for us not to begrudgingly do
it because that's what we have to
do, because I'm just telling you if
you have that heart, oh, just tell
me, and I'm gonna pray for you.
And we're gonna talk about not having
the heart of this is what I have to do.
No, we saw today the benefits
of being a part of community.
That's why we are a part of
community because we see that
as we devote ourselves, there's
this fruit that comes out of it.
And there's these things that we
get to experience these, these
things that we would've never
experienced apart from that community.
I hope today you are being drawn
in and, and wanna be a part of
community to experience that.
So during our time of invitation, this
is one on one challenge you with what's
stopping you from being a part of C.
So, so I wanna speak to everybody.
Hey, well, when we start back up
groups, I'll be there every week.
Okay, great.
What's stopping you from being committed
to that community even more because we can
attend community for me or we can invest
in the community that we're a part of.
And that's the part I wanna
continue to challenge everybody.
Everybody has a next step.
It may not all look the same,
but everybody has an next step.
For some of you what's stopping you
from being a part of community, right.
To, to experience this overflow of C.
Is it because there isn't a night
that we do an inspire group together,
is it because you don't have a
group of people to do life with?
And if that's true, that's why you
have a card there to fill out and say,
Hey, there's even notes down there.
You can write down, Hey, none of
these nights work, none of these
days work because my life's crazy
busy, but I desire community.
You know what we'll do, we'll
reach out and we'll talk about how
can we create community with you.
If you circle a night that we don't
have an inspired group, what can we do?
Just like what we talked
about, every inspire.
Once we have these things going,
we'll have three inspire groups.
Every one of those groups will have
people attached to them that may
never attend that group because it
doesn't match up with their night,
but they're going to minister to you.
They're gonna invite you into
community as you have opportunity
to, and we're gonna create that guys.
The future of inspiring hope is
focusing on living in community.
The overflow of that
will change your life.
Change this church's life and
will change this community's life.
I believe.
That's why we are talking about this.
This is why I am who I am, because the
communities that I've been a part of have
made me the person I am today because
Jesus worked through those communities
and I can't help, but wanna be a part of
the next person that gets to experience
the community that I've been a part of
and be changed to be a part of another
community, be a part of another community.
So what's stopping you
from being a part of that.
I also challenge you with this.
Maybe you've never even taken the.
Of giving your life to Jesus.
What's stopping you from giving
your life to Jesus only, you
know that, and Jesus knows that.
So during invitation, I challenge you
to ask God what it looks like to take a
next step to follow Jesus or a next step
to be in community with one another.
Please fill out those cards, write
down where you're interested in being
a part of a group, but I'll just
tell you this don't make an excuse.
Everybody has 'em, but community is more
important than whatever excuse we can make
because God wants to work in your life
and the lives of those of the community.
You're a part of, so let's
pray, Lord, Jesus, Lord.
We thank you Lord, because you are good.
We thank you because your word is truth.
And Lord, as we, as a church,
look deep into your word.
And as we go back to really
our, our roots of, of why we.
We are reminded Lord, the
number one we are to follow you.
We are to lay down everything that
is hindering our, our walk on our
life and we follow after you Lord.
And as we look at your
example, your example was set.
When you first begin your ministry,
where you brought a community in to
live life with do life, with encouraged
to teach, but then Lord, whenever.
Left this earth and left the
holy spirit to live in our lives.
You set another example of community
that the next logical step after
following you is to do life with one
another, to be devoted to these things,
to Weiss, teaching, to prayer, to the
fellowship, to one another, to breaking
up bread, to meeting together in the
temple, to meeting together in each
other's homes to experience the outflow.
Of those things, Lord, to see people's
needs being met, many wanders and
signs, being done, more people coming
to faith in you, praise and worship.
Lord.
These are things that we
desire to see as a church.
And I believe every person in this
room desires to experience that.
But Lord, there is something that
may be hindering them from that Lord.
Will you remove it today?
Lord, I'm asking you right.
Not in my power Lord by desire
is that you remove whatever it is
that is hindering anybody in this
room to be a part of community.
If it's work, Lord, will you remove it?
If, if it's an unwillingness to
be vulnerable, because it's just
a struggle to be part of a small
group, Lord, will you remove it?
If it's just anxiety, if it's, if
it's busyness, I Lord, I don't know,
but whatever it is, Lord, will you.
Lord, will you take those
who weren't even here today?
And Lord, as I get an opportunity
to share this message with them this
week, and as they begin to contemplate
Lord what their next step is, Lord,
will you remove the barriers there?
Lord, I, I know this we've done
all that we can, and it's nothing
compared to all that you can.
And so that Lord, that's
why we're praying.
That's why we're using your
word to remind us of who we are.
Because apart from your word,
apart from you and apart from
prayer, Lord, we can do nothing.
So Lord, my desire, our desire as
a church is to know you more and to
experience the community that you've
called us to devote ourselves to Lord,
to give us the passion and desire and
the inspiration Lord to go out and to, to
share that with other people and to invite
them into the community that we have.
Lord.
We are praying for life
change in our community.
We're praying for one more person.
One more person has
experienced your hope Lord.
That's the last thing that I wanna pray
today is that if there is a person in
this room that has not given their life
to you, Lord, may they not leave today
before they give their life to you?
Lord, may they repent their sin?
May they confess you as Lord?
May they take a next step of.
Them.
And may they begin the journey of living
in community with one another Lord, if
there's a person in this room, Lord,
I pray that they come back and talk
to me after service Lord that they
share with me their need to follow you.
Lord.
If there's a person in this room
whose relationship with Jesus has been
hindered, Lord, may you forgive them?
May you restore that relationship?
And may you continue to take us Lord
from here as individuals and as a church
to live in community together because
you have so called us to do that.
Lord, we thank you for today.
We thank you for everything
that you'll do in our lives.
And we pray this in your head.
Amen.